Add README and CONTRIBUTING docs. (#261)
melink14/rikaikun: README.md

# rikaikun

[![standard-readme compliant](https://img.shields.io/badge/standard--readme-OK-green.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/RichardLitt/standard-readme)
[![code style: prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)
[![Code Style: Google](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-google-blueviolet.svg)](https://github.com/google/gts)
![Chrome Web Store](https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/users/jipdnfibhldikgcjhfnomkfpcebammhp)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/melink14/rikaikun)
[![Chrome Web Store](https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/v/jipdnfibhldikgcjhfnomkfpcebammhp)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/rikaikun/jipdnfibhldikgcjhfnomkfpcebammhp)
[![Conventional Commits](https://img.shields.io/badge/Conventional%20Commits-1.0.0-yellow.svg)](https://conventionalcommits.org)
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-17-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)

> rikaikun allows you to read Japanese web pages by hovering over words you don't know and getting their translations.

Reviewer: Unclear antecedents!

## Table of Contents

- [rikaikun](#rikaikun)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Background](#background)
    - [Current Goals](#current-goals)
  - [Install](#install)
    - [Via The Store](#via-the-store)
    - [As an Unpacked Extension](#as-an-unpacked-extension)
  - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Features](#features)
    - [Options](#options)
      - [Keyboard Shortcuts](#keyboard-shortcuts)
  - [Maintainers](#maintainers)
  - [Credits](#credits)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
    - [Contributors ✨](#contributors-)
  - [License](#license)

## Background

rikaikun is a port of [Rikaichan](https://www.polarcloud.com/getrcx/) I started in 2010 when Chrome released its extension API. It was originally hosted on Google Code until Google Code was canceled and everything was migrated to Github.

> For those of you that don't know, Rikaichan was a Firefox extension that emulates the popup translations of rikaixul. It's perhaps the best inline translation of Japanese.

Reviewer: RikaiXUL

I started with the idea that I would make a the chrome equivalent of Rikaichan from scratch using my own ideas. However, after I tried Rikaichan, I realized that it's already quite good and starting from 0 when he already has numerous iterations would be wasting the excellent work done by those developers.

> Since then Firefox killed the extension model Rikaichan was based on and many other variants have been created and ported to various browsers. Many of these were created due to a long period where I left rikaikun stagnant. I apologize to the contributors and users who were left stranded. Thanks for everybody who stayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In 20XX, Firefox killed the extension model that Rikaichan was based on, and other similar extensions have since been created and ported to various browsers.
```

> Many of these were created due to a long period where I left rikaikun stagnant. I apologize to the contributors and users who were left stranded. Thanks for everybody who stayed.

I think it'd be better to matter-of-factly describe the stagnant period, and then focus on a celebratory "We're back!"

Author: I focused on the fact that we're back!

### Current Goals

- Refactor code base such that it becomes very easy to maintain and contribute to.
- Fix bugs in dictionary output.
- Work on new features like other dictionaries, OCR, and static popup/lookup bar. Feel free to suggest/:thumbsup: more.

## Install

> ### Via The Store

Reviewer: Via the Chrome Web Store

Author: done.

> Visit rikaikun on the Chrome Web Store and click 'Add to chrome'.

Reviewer: Add to Chrome

Author: done.

### As an Unpacked Extension

> If you can't install it via the Chrome Web Store then you can install the source as an unpacked extension:

Reviewer: You can also install the rikaikun source as an unpacked extension.

Author: done

> - Get the [latest release](https://github.com/melink14/rikaikun/releases) from Github:

Author: done.

- Follow [these instructions](https://github.com/web-scrobbler/web-scrobbler/wiki/Install-an-unpacked-extension) from the web-scrobbler Chrome extension. (substituting rikaikun where appropriate)

## Usage

Activate the extension by clicking on the 理 in the top right. When the introductory pop up appears, rikaikun is ready for action.

> Note: There is a bug where sometimes the 'On' badge appears active when Chrome first loads. In those cases, click the icon again and rikaikun will activate. (Issue #82)

When it's activated, when you hover over Japanese words they'll be translated in a pop up.

See it all in action in this [Youtube demo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFRTt6d0s3c) by [Tariq Sheikh](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCRAL2bcBZ1Cw-xyPwelpi8A).

### Features

> - Read out the Japanese words using Chrome Text To Speech capababilities. (Off by default)

Reviewer: capabilities

Author: done. also caught by my new spell checker!
